Possible RN update for RKE2 and K3s (#127)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/release-notes.rst

  Previously, the toolkit could configure the ``runc`` handler with the ``nvidia`` runtime handler even if ``runc`` was not the default runtime and cause CRI-O to crash.
  In this release, the toolkit determines the default runtime by running ``crio status config`` and configures that runtime with the ``nvidia`` runtime handler.

.. _v24.9.0-known-limitations:

Known Limitations
-----------------

* On Rancher RKE2 and K3s, NVIDIA Container Toolkit v1.17.0 fails to start.
  The toolkit attempts to use the `containerd` command to determine the container runtime configuration on the host.
  On these platforms, the `containerd` executable is not on the PATH and results in an error.

>   NVIDIA recommends installing v1.16.2 of the toolkit when you install or upgrade the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NVIDIA recommends installing v1.17.1 of the toolkit when you install or upgrade the Operator.
```
